Google wasn't allowing me to reply on my og review with my og id. So, Im here with my other account. 
Oh, come on now. Dare you think you can just reply to me (thinking i cant reply to your revert on my og review) and get away with your wrongdoings. I mean, god look at you people. It makes me sick. 

"It is inaccurate to state that unnecessary diagnoses were “made up." I called it made up because yes it was made up. what your so called "doctors" couldn't achieve in 3 months, this other doctor was able to do it in just 3 weeks. How does that not make sense to you? If winry's condition was this bad as you guys keep mentioning me saying "he has slim to none chances of survival", why didn't the other doctor mentioned me the same? Why did never any of your staff (and i mean it not even once) try to tell us that he will get better. It was always "He is not doing better." It was always something new from your end everytime. I had to feed him medicines throughout the day (literally), while the latter doctor told me that there wasn't anything serious (after the first treatment received from you. which i really appreciate but for that part only). So, don't try to manipulate the story and hold some accountability for your actions. 

"Equally serious are the allegations of neglect and abuse during hospitalization." LO AND BEHOLD!!!! Can you guys be a little less funny? I mean, I can't stop laughing atp XD. My kid had his mouth, face down to his neck strained with medicines brownish color (and the resultant stench omg). This is what I was receiving even after paying you 5k per day for a week. Im telling you again and I will tell you again, I am fighting for my kid and you can't mislead the story. Deny all you want, but we both (especially you) know deep inside what you people did (and that is hella more than enough for me). Come on, own it. Be a man. 

"We are saddened to read this review posted 18 months after Winry’s treatment". BAHAHHAHAH!! CHECK YOUR WHATSAPP AND MAIL FROM A YEAR AGO AND SEE MY 1000 WORDS PARAGRAPHS WHERE I SPOKE UGLIEST OF ALL THINGS TO YOU GUYS. I didn't get my reply then. Friend of mine wanted to get her cat checked up, she googled veterinary services and found you then she asked me (as I have many cats) for your services because "the reviews are good". That was the push for me to write my review since I know the real you. And how easy it is to mislead people based on just reviews because they don't know what's behind the screen. Yes, it did take me long enough after I forbade any treatment from you unprofessionals because I WAS TRYING MY BEST TRYING TO SAVE MY KID (RUNNING HERE AND THERE FOR HIM), AND I HAVE A JOB AND MY STUDIES(A REAL JOB UNLIKE YOURSELF LEECHING MONEY OUT OF PEOPLE)

"As per our conversation, you informed us that you do not wish to receive any calls, messages, or replies to your review". I denied these since It makes my blood boil seeing bad people and wrongdoers getting their way they dont deserve. As for no reply to my review was because I KNEW YOU PEOPLE WILL TRY TO FLIP THE STORY TO YOUR BENEFIT BUT YOU CHOSE THE WRONG PERSON TO MESS WITH. I stood on my story and I will stick to it because it is the truth (you guys know it).

Aren't you people something? I will not let you guys be perceived from rose-colored glasses because you're anything and everything but that. God forbid a person stooping so low to make ends meet. Shame on you for twisting the entire story and pretending saint. You are not. I WANT YOU TO DENY ALL THIS TOO, AND I WILL AGAIN COME UP WITH THE TRUTH FOR YOU AND OTHER PEOPLE READING THIS. I have answers for everything you say. Just waiting for karma to hunt you down ;). 